feat(gatsby-transformer-asciidoc): add custom template converter (#16180)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-transformer-asciidoc/README.md

  }
}
```

## Define a custom converter

You can define a custom converter by adding the `converterFactory` option.

```javascript
// In your gatsby-config.js, make sure to import or declare TemplateConverter
plugins: [
  {
    resolve: `gatsby-transformer-asciidoc`,
    options: {
      converterFactory: TemplateConverter,
    },
  },
]
```

> `TemplateConverter` needs to be declared by you, information on what templates you can provide and further information can be found in the [asciidoctor docs](https://asciidoctor-docs.netlify.com/asciidoctor.js/extend/converter/custom-converter/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TemplateConverter` is a custom javascript class you'll need to write. Information on how to write a custom `TemplateConverter` can be found at the [asciidoctor docs](https://asciidoctor-docs.netlify.com/asciidoctor.js/extend/converter/custom-converter/).

In the example below, we will use a custom converter to convert paragraphs but the other nodes will be converted using the built-in HTML5 converter:
```

Author: Thanks, that's better 👍
